Lg/0.6.9 release notes (#225)
dfinity/docs: modules/release-notes/pages/sdk-release-notes.adoc

+
For a preview of how to use the simplified developer workflow, see https://sdk.dfinity.org/docs/quickstart/dfx-deploy-quickstart.html[Developer Workflow Preview].

* You can now specify arguments on the command-line when you deploy a **single** canister using an actor class with the `+dfx canister install+` command.
+
For example, you might use the following command to add the `+self+` Text argument when deploying the canister named `+profile_map+` locally.
+
....
dfx canister install profile_map '("self")'
....
+
Note that you specify the argument you want to pass using the Candid interface description format.

* A new `+--memory allocation+` command-line option enables you to specify a memory allocation when deploying a canister.

* The `+dfx identity new+` command has been enhanced to display a confirmation message when adding a new identify is successful.

* Key updates for {proglang} include backend support for the following features:

> ** Preliminary support for importing and exporting actor classes and for dynamic canister installation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** Preliminary support for importing actor classes.
** Preliminary support for dynamic canister installation (by calling the constructor of an imported actor class).
```

Author: Here's where it came from ...
== 0.4.4 (2020-09-21)
= Motoko compiler changelog

== 0.4.4 (2020-09-21)
Actor class export
Accept unit installation args for actors
Reject platform actor (class) programs with additional decs
Handle IO exceptions at the top-level
RTS: Remove duplicate array and blob allocation code
RTS: Fix pointer arithmetic in BigInt collection function

== 0.4.3 (2020-09-14)

Preliminary support for actor class import and dynamic canister installation. Surface syntax may change in future.
BREAKING CHANGE: a compilation unit/file defining an actor or actor class may only have leading import declarations; other leading declarations (e.g. let or type) are no longer supported.
Rust GC

> ** Improved error handling for actor classes and input/output exceptions.

Reviewer: what does this refer to?

Author: I was trying to generalize these items in a "positive" way:
Reject platform actor (class) programs with additional decs
Handle IO exceptions at the top-level

This release also includes the following BREAKING CHANGE: 

> * The Motoko compiler no longer supports variable or type declarations being specified before defining an actor or an actor class. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The Motoko compiler no longer supports arbitrary declarations preceeding the main actor or an actor class. 
```

Only import declarations can be used as leading declarations for programs that define an actor or an actor class.
+

> The recommended workaround is to move the declarations that previously preceded the main actor to an imported module then use a call to the imported declaration within the main actor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The recommended workaround is either:
* to move the declarations that preceded the main actor into the actor's body, or
* to move the declarations into to a new, imported module, referenced from the main actor.
```

> For example, if the `+counterA+` is declared in the `+mylib.mo+` module, you might use code similar to the following:
> +
> ....
> import mylib "./mylib";
> 
> actor Counter { 
>   mylib.counterA()
>   ...
> ....

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example:
+
....
type State = { #red; #orange; #green }
var state : State = #red;
actor TrafficLight { 
  ...
}
```
may be re-written as:
```
actor TrafficLight { 
  type State = { #red; #orange; #green };
  var state : State = #red;
  ...
}
```

+
For a preview of how to use the simplified developer workflow, see https://sdk.dfinity.org/docs/quickstart/dfx-deploy-quickstart.html[Developer Workflow Preview].

> * You can now specify arguments on the command-line when you deploy a **single** canister using the `+dfx canister install+` command.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* You can now specify arguments on the command-line when you deploy a **single** canister using actor class with the `+dfx canister install+` command.
```

+
For example, you might use the following command to add the `+self+` Text argument when deploying the canister named `+profile_map+` locally.
+
....
dfx canister install profile_map '("self")'
....
+
Note that you specify the argument you want to pass using the Candid interface description format.

* A new `+--memory allocation+` command-line option enables you to specify a memory allocation when deploying a canister.

* The `+dfx identity new+` command has been enhanced to display a confirmation message when adding a new identify is successful.

> * Key updates for {proglang} (0.4.4) include backend support for the following features:

Reviewer 2: The version number is internal, and should not be exposed to user.
```suggestion
* Key updates for {proglang} include backend support for the following features:
```

> ** Preliminary support for importing and exporting actor classes and for dynamic canister installation.
> ** Unit installation arguments for actors.
> ** Improved error handling for actor classes and input/output exceptions.
> ** Improved garbage collection.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
** Preliminary support for importing and exporting actor classes and for dynamic canister installation.
** Improved error handling for actor classes and input/output exceptions.
```

> ** Language support to enable canisters to take installation arguments.

Reviewer: A parameterized actor *class* defines a canister that takes an argument on installation.

> ** Language support to enable canisters to take installation arguments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** Language support to enable canisters to take installation arguments. A parameterized actor  *class* defines a canister that takes an argument on installation.
```
